[Music]
[Music] Josiah was 8 years old when he became
Josiah was 8 years old when he became
Josiah was 8 years old when he became king and he reigned 31 years in
king and he reigned 31 years in
king and he reigned 31 years in Jerusalem and he did what was right in
Jerusalem and he did what was right in
Jerusalem and he did what was right in the sight of the Lord and walked in the
the sight of the Lord and walked in the
the sight of the Lord and walked in the ways of his father David he did not turn
ways of his father David he did not turn
ways of his father David he did not turn aside to the right hand or to the left
aside to the right hand or to the left
aside to the right hand or to the left for in the eighth year of his reign
for in the eighth year of his reign
for in the eighth year of his reign while he was still young he began to
while he was still young he began to
while he was still young he began to seek the God of his father David and in
seek the God of his father David and in
seek the God of his father David and in the 12th year he began to purge Judah
the 12th year he began to purge Judah
the 12th year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem of the high places
and Jerusalem of the high places
and Jerusalem of the high places the wooden images the carved images and
the wooden images the carved images and
the wooden images the carved images and the molded images they broke down the
the molded images they broke down the
the molded images they broke down the altars of the Bailes in his presence and
altars of the Bailes in his presence and
altars of the Bailes in his presence and the incense altars which were above them
the incense altars which were above them
the incense altars which were above them he cut down and the wooden images the
he cut down and the wooden images the
he cut down and the wooden images the carved images and the molded images he
carved images and the molded images he
carved images and the molded images he broke in pieces and made dust of them
broke in pieces and made dust of them
broke in pieces and made dust of them and scattered it on the graves of those
and scattered it on the graves of those
and scattered it on the graves of those who had sacrificed to them
he also burned the bones of the priests
he also burned the bones of the priests on their altars and cleanse Judah and
on their altars and cleanse Judah and
on their altars and cleanse Judah and Jerusalem and so he did in the cities of
Jerusalem and so he did in the cities of
Jerusalem and so he did in the cities of Manasseh Ephraim and Simeon as far as
Manasseh Ephraim and Simeon as far as
Manasseh Ephraim and Simeon as far as NAFTA live and all around with axes when
NAFTA live and all around with axes when
NAFTA live and all around with axes when he had broken down the altars and the
he had broken down the altars and the
he had broken down the altars and the wooden images had beaten the carved
wooden images had beaten the carved
wooden images had beaten the carved images into powder and cut down all the
images into powder and cut down all the
images into powder and cut down all the incense altars throughout all the land
incense altars throughout all the land
incense altars throughout all the land of Israel he returned to Jerusalem in
of Israel he returned to Jerusalem in
of Israel he returned to Jerusalem in the 18th year of his reign when he had
the 18th year of his reign when he had
the 18th year of his reign when he had purged the land and the temple he sent
purged the land and the temple he sent
purged the land and the temple he sent Schaeffer the son of as a lion may Asiya
Schaeffer the son of as a lion may Asiya
Schaeffer the son of as a lion may Asiya the governor of the city and joah the
the governor of the city and joah the
the governor of the city and joah the son of juror has the recorder to repair
son of juror has the recorder to repair
son of juror has the recorder to repair the house of the Lord his God
the house of the Lord his God
the house of the Lord his God when they came to Hill kaya the high
when they came to Hill kaya the high
when they came to Hill kaya the high priest they delivered the money that was
priest they delivered the money that was
priest they delivered the money that was brought into the house of God which the
brought into the house of God which the
brought into the house of God which the Levites who kept the doors had gathered
Levites who kept the doors had gathered
Levites who kept the doors had gathered from the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim
from the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim
from the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim from all the remnant of Israel from all
from all the remnant of Israel from all
from all the remnant of Israel from all Judah and Benjamin and which they had
Judah and Benjamin and which they had
Judah and Benjamin and which they had brought back to Jerusalem then they put
brought back to Jerusalem then they put
brought back to Jerusalem then they put it in the hand of the foreman who had
it in the hand of the foreman who had
it in the hand of the foreman who had the oversight of the house of the Lord
the oversight of the house of the Lord
the oversight of the house of the Lord and they gave it to the workmen who
and they gave it to the workmen who
and they gave it to the workmen who worked in the house of the Lord to
worked in the house of the Lord to
worked in the house of the Lord to repair and restore the house they gave
repair and restore the house they gave
repair and restore the house they gave it to the craftsmen and builders to buy
it to the craftsmen and builders to buy
it to the craftsmen and builders to buy hewn stone and timber for beams and to
hewn stone and timber for beams and to
hewn stone and timber for beams and to floor the houses which the kings of
floor the houses which the kings of
floor the houses which the kings of Judah had destroyed
Judah had destroyed
Judah had destroyed and the men did the work faithfully
their overseers were je hath and Obadiah
their overseers were je hath and Obadiah the Levites of the sons of me Ray Ray
the Levites of the sons of me Ray Ray
the Levites of the sons of me Ray Ray and Zechariah and Michelin the sons of
and Zechariah and Michelin the sons of
and Zechariah and Michelin the sons of the kohathites to supervise others of
the kohathites to supervise others of
the kohathites to supervise others of the Levites all of whom were skillful
the Levites all of whom were skillful
the Levites all of whom were skillful with instruments of music were over the
with instruments of music were over the
with instruments of music were over the burden bearers and were overseers of all
burden bearers and were overseers of all
burden bearers and were overseers of all who did work in any kind of service and
who did work in any kind of service and
who did work in any kind of service and some of the Levites were scribes offices
some of the Levites were scribes offices
some of the Levites were scribes offices and gatekeepers now when they brought
and gatekeepers now when they brought
and gatekeepers now when they brought out the money that was brought into the
out the money that was brought into the
out the money that was brought into the house of the Lord Hill kyer the priest
house of the Lord Hill kyer the priest
house of the Lord Hill kyer the priest found the book of the law of the law
found the book of the law of the law
found the book of the law of the law given by Moses then yo kaya answered and
given by Moses then yo kaya answered and
given by Moses then yo kaya answered and said to Chafin describe I have found the
said to Chafin describe I have found the
said to Chafin describe I have found the book of the law in the house of the Lord
book of the law in the house of the Lord
book of the law in the house of the Lord and Hill kaya gave the book to Schaeffer
and Hill kaya gave the book to Schaeffer
and Hill kaya gave the book to Schaeffer so Chafin carried the book to the king
so Chafin carried the book to the king
so Chafin carried the book to the king bringing the King Word all that was
bringing the King Word all that was
bringing the King Word all that was committed to your servants they are
committed to your servants they are
committed to your servants they are doing and they have gathered the money
doing and they have gathered the money
doing and they have gathered the money that was found in the house of the Lord
that was found in the house of the Lord
that was found in the house of the Lord and have delivered it into the hand of
and have delivered it into the hand of
and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers and the workman Hilkiah
the overseers and the workman Hilkiah
the overseers and the workman Hilkiah the priest has given me a book and
the priest has given me a book and
the priest has given me a book and Chafin read it before the king thus it
Chafin read it before the king thus it
Chafin read it before the king thus it happened when the King heard the words
happened when the King heard the words
happened when the King heard the words of the law that he tore his clothes and
of the law that he tore his clothes and
of the law that he tore his clothes and the king commanded Hill kaya a high CIM
the king commanded Hill kaya a high CIM
the king commanded Hill kaya a high CIM the son of shaphan abdun the son of
the son of shaphan abdun the son of
the son of shaphan abdun the son of micah Chafin described and Isaiah a
micah Chafin described and Isaiah a
micah Chafin described and Isaiah a servant of the king go inquire of the
servant of the king go inquire of the
servant of the king go inquire of the Lord for me and for those who are left
Lord for me and for those who are left
Lord for me and for those who are left in Israel and Judah concerning the words
in Israel and Judah concerning the words
in Israel and Judah concerning the words of the book that is found
of the book that is found
of the book that is found for great is the wrath of the Lord that
for great is the wrath of the Lord that
for great is the wrath of the Lord that has poured out on us because our fathers
has poured out on us because our fathers
has poured out on us because our fathers have not kept the word of the Lord to do
have not kept the word of the Lord to do
have not kept the word of the Lord to do according to all that is written in this
according to all that is written in this
according to all that is written in this book
book
book so he'll kaya and those the King had
so he'll kaya and those the King had
so he'll kaya and those the King had appointed went to Huldah the prophetess
appointed went to Huldah the prophetess
appointed went to Huldah the prophetess the wife of Shalem the son of Tucker the
the wife of Shalem the son of Tucker the
the wife of Shalem the son of Tucker the son of Hazra keeper of the Wardrobe she
son of Hazra keeper of the Wardrobe she
son of Hazra keeper of the Wardrobe she dwelt in Jerusalem in the second quarter
dwelt in Jerusalem in the second quarter
dwelt in Jerusalem in the second quarter and they spoke to her to better fit she
and they spoke to her to better fit she
and they spoke to her to better fit she answered them thus says the Lord God of
answered them thus says the Lord God of
answered them thus says the Lord God of Israel tell the man who sent you to me
Israel tell the man who sent you to me
Israel tell the man who sent you to me thus says the Lord behold I will bring
thus says the Lord behold I will bring
thus says the Lord behold I will bring calamity on this place and on its
calamity on this place and on its
calamity on this place and on its inhabitants all the curses that are
inhabitants all the curses that are
inhabitants all the curses that are written in the book which they have read
written in the book which they have read
written in the book which they have read before the king of Judah because they
before the king of Judah because they
before the king of Judah because they have forsaken me and burned incense to
have forsaken me and burned incense to
have forsaken me and burned incense to other gods that they might provoke me to
other gods that they might provoke me to
other gods that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands
anger with all the works of their hands
anger with all the works of their hands therefore my wrath will be poured out on
therefore my wrath will be poured out on
therefore my wrath will be poured out on this place and not be quenched but as
this place and not be quenched but as
this place and not be quenched but as for the king of Judah who sent you to
for the king of Judah who sent you to
for the king of Judah who sent you to inquire of the Lord in this manner you
inquire of the Lord in this manner you
inquire of the Lord in this manner you shall speak to him thus says the Lord
shall speak to him thus says the Lord
shall speak to him thus says the Lord God of Israel concerning the words which
God of Israel concerning the words which
God of Israel concerning the words which you have heard because your heart was
you have heard because your heart was
you have heard because your heart was tender and you humbled yourself before
tender and you humbled yourself before
tender and you humbled yourself before God when you heard his words against
God when you heard his words against
God when you heard his words against this place and against its inhabitants
this place and against its inhabitants
this place and against its inhabitants and you humbled yourself before me and
and you humbled yourself before me and
and you humbled yourself before me and you tore your clothes and wept before me
you tore your clothes and wept before me
you tore your clothes and wept before me I also have heard you says the Lord
I also have heard you says the Lord
I also have heard you says the Lord surely I will gather you to your
surely I will gather you to your
surely I will gather you to your father's and you shall be gathered to
father's and you shall be gathered to
father's and you shall be gathered to your grave in peace
your grave in peace
your grave in peace and your eyes shall not see all the
and your eyes shall not see all the
and your eyes shall not see all the calamity which I will bring on this
calamity which I will bring on this
calamity which I will bring on this place and its inhabitants so they
place and its inhabitants so they
place and its inhabitants so they brought back word to the king then the
brought back word to the king then the
brought back word to the king then the king sent and gathered all the elders of
king sent and gathered all the elders of
king sent and gathered all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem the king went up to
Judah and Jerusalem the king went up to
Judah and Jerusalem the king went up to the house of the Lord with all the men
the house of the Lord with all the men
the house of the Lord with all the men of Judah and the inhabitants of
of Judah and the inhabitants of
of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem the priests and the Levites
Jerusalem the priests and the Levites
Jerusalem the priests and the Levites and all the people great and small and
and all the people great and small and
and all the people great and small and he read in their hearing all the words
he read in their hearing all the words
he read in their hearing all the words of the book of the Covenant which had
of the book of the Covenant which had
of the book of the Covenant which had been found in the house of the Lord then
been found in the house of the Lord then
been found in the house of the Lord then the king stood in his place and made a
the king stood in his place and made a
the king stood in his place and made a covenant before the Lord to follow the
covenant before the Lord to follow the
covenant before the Lord to follow the Lord and to keep his Commandments and
Lord and to keep his Commandments and
Lord and to keep his Commandments and his testimonies and his statutes with
his testimonies and his statutes with
his testimonies and his statutes with all his heart and all his soul to
all his heart and all his soul to
all his heart and all his soul to perform the words of the Covenant that
perform the words of the Covenant that
perform the words of the Covenant that were written in this book and he made
were written in this book and he made
were written in this book and he made all who were present in Jerusalem and
all who were present in Jerusalem and
all who were present in Jerusalem and Benjamin take a stand so the inhabitants
Benjamin take a stand so the inhabitants
Benjamin take a stand so the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the
of Jerusalem did according to the
of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God the God of their fathers
covenant of God the God of their fathers
covenant of God the God of their fathers thus Josiah removed all the abominations
thus Josiah removed all the abominations
thus Josiah removed all the abominations from all the country that belonged to
from all the country that belonged to
from all the country that belonged to the children of Israel and made all who
the children of Israel and made all who
the children of Israel and made all who were present in Israel diligently served
were present in Israel diligently served
were present in Israel diligently served the Lord their God all his days they did
the Lord their God all his days they did
the Lord their God all his days they did not depart from following the Lord God
not depart from following the Lord God
not depart from following the Lord God of their fathers